Update overview.md (#652)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/supplemental-data/overview.md

- Where we are unable to retrieve requested supplemental data, the fetch operation will still complete, but the supplemental properties will be null.

- If we are unable to perform the operation when creating, updating, or deleting (CUD) supplemental data, the operation will fail to avoid creating or updating potentially incomplete or inaccurate records.

> - If you configure supplemental properties that also exist in Codat's standard data model, the supplemental properties will overwrite the standard data when creating, updating, or deleting data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you configure properties that already exist in Codat's standard data model as supplemental properties, they will overwrite the standard data when creating, updating, or deleting records.

```
